I bid you marry me oh you remember what
I look like what up everyone welcome
back to make up I mama G today I'm
finally going to announce my contest
winner for my saint patty's contest I
know that all of you who entered have
been anxiously waiting all week for you
know my announcement I had to go through
every video because i had about 80
entries that got proof for the contest
and it was a lot guys I mean I sat down
and I watched every single video I
watched all your intros I looked at all
the pictures and it was a really fun
contest everyone did such a great job
all you guys are gorgeous and it came
down to two people and it was really
really really hard to choose between the
two finalists that I had because they
were both great entries and my friend
Cole helped me my friend were to help me
and my heavy helped me pick the winner
so the winner for my first contest my
saint patty's contest is filet so I see
sunshine 0 1 3g street if I knew that I
probably do better I waste time on
flowers in love letter sunny dead I'm
gonna be a motivation Oh got a couple
good reached my quota lately they be
actin Gangu feel like I know thank you I
ear to the street like a broken home
okay I'll hate this town windows down
stuck in track rolling up swishes your
long smoke like Max like I think it's
funny the same bitch that down when the
me now because I got a couple
dollars and monster man threw them all
like l'amour la congratulations girl you
won my st. Patty's contest I just loved
your entry you got creative with it you
put hella thought into it you made a
face chart of what you want
do and you apply it onto your face and
it looked great your eyes were very well
blended and pot of gold the rainbow and
the clover were off the hook guy I
really like your entry send me a message
with all of your shipment info and i
will get your prize out this week mario
girl contest i will announce this week
easter contest i'm not busy this weekend
I'll announce it this weekend but of
Easter one should be fun the Mardi Gras
is going to be to thank you again to all
you guys that entered it was a great
turnout for my first contest I'm hoping
you know a bigger turnout for the next
contest stay tuned and I will talk to
you guys soon bye when I hear said she
didn't know how wow I'm getting in a
booth with a pill I turned on my to a
microwave to heat me a meal in is real
puta y gz the growth head holds the
filly SUV